Add a checklist for deployment consideration to the PR template (#10525)
openSUSE/open-build-service: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

_Replace this line with a description of your changes. Please follow the suggestions in the comment below._

-----------------

If this PR requires any particular action or consideration before deployment,
please check the reasons or add your own to the list:

> * [ ] Requires a schema migration that can cause downtime. Postpone deployment until maintenance window[1].

Reviewer: I would use `database migration` or `db migration`. To me `schema migration` sounds a bit generic :)

Author: good point, yes

* [ ] Contains a data migration that should be run at a specific point of time.
* [ ] Changes some configuration files (e.g. options.yml), so the changes have to be applied manually in the reference server.
* [ ] A new Feature Toggle[2] should be enabled in the reference server.
* [ ] Proper documentation or announcement has to be published upfront since the introduced changes can confuse the users.

> * [ ] Requires running any task or action that can cause some temporary inconsistency or downtime. Postpone deployment until maintenance window.

Reviewer: I think you are talking about a rake task here that modifies existing data right? I would rephrase it a bit, maybe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Requires transformation of existing data through e.g. a rake task, which might cause temporary inconsistency and therefore downtime. Postpone deployment until maintenance window.
```

Author: Well, there is already a item about data migrations, I'll try to extend it a bit and drop this one.
